[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
With Obamacare
on the verge of
collapse and people
left wondering what their
future is in terms of health,
I would suggest we need
to move beyond wondering
how we're going
to be taking care
of versus caring for ourselves.
Energy medicine
practitioner, Glenn Streeter,
is with us today to talk
about the future of medicine
and what is already
available to us
by the way are both
prevention and also cure.
Although, I know I'm not
supposed to say cure.
Nonetheless, there are a myriad
of amazingly effective cures
without ever having to walk into
an allopathic doctor's office.
Right?
>>GLENN STREETER:
That's absolutely true.
>>REGINA: And let's talk
about your own background.
Let's talk about
what happened when
you were a little kid, how you
came into the world, how you
ended up deciding to go
into the field of medicine,
and then how you took a really
deep dive into energy medicine
and alternatives.
>>STREETER: Well,
I had a rough go.
I was born 3 1/2 pounds.
And they didn't think
that I would make it.
Two months in an incubator,
basically sick a lot
as a child.
Until I was about 14 years
old and bought a juicer
with my paper route money
and started reading--
>>REGINA: You bought a juicer?
>>STREETER: All the
books that I could find.
>>REGINA: Instead
of comic books?
Wow.
>>STREETER: And by
21, I was trying out
for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
>>REGINA: So did you
educate yourself?
>>STREETER: I'm really
grateful for the work that
was done at that time.
Although it was very tiny
compared to what we have now.
I did.
And then I went to school
and then got a medical degree
in sports medicine,
and was really blessed
with some great mentors,
and a lot of curiosity.
And the technology has kind of
kept pace with my curiosity.
And it's been very exciting
to watch the costs come down
and the efficacy
go up dramatically.
>>REGINA: What are we
bathed in right now?
I mean might it be fair to say
that the notion of Obamacare
and any kind of government
supports for our health care,
because it's so tied to
the medical industry,
that the falling away of
this might be a good thing?
>>STREETER: Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: That's kind
of what I'm thinking.
>>STREETER: Let's remember
that the battle of life
is the archoncy
versus anarchy, right?
It's central versus freedom.
And we're seeing that battle
played out right now in America
and around the world.
And no more is that more
critical than in health care.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STREETER: Particularly, where
we live in an ironic time.
And it's trite, but the
best and the worst of times.
We're being poisoned
from every angle.
But we also have these
amazing solutions
to every single problem.
>>REGINA: But you're
not going to find it
at your allopathic doctor's
office, unfortunately.
>>STREETER: No.
Because they're under
a different model
that is created by the petroleum
industry and Big Pharma
as an offspring of that.
And that model is inaccurate,
because every health issue
is a voltage problem.
And we've been told that
it's a chemistry problem.
Voltage precedes chemistry.
Cancer, for example
is plus 30 millivolts.
Whereas we can regenerate tissue
and we can get it to minus 50
millivolts.
And the devices that
we're going to discuss
do have the
capability to do that.
There's thousands of
studies on PubMed.com,
in Europe for 40 years.
There's even devices going back
to the late 1800s in America.
And that whole
movement was basically
shut down by Big Pharma
which is really fascinating.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
Some of the casualties
were Dingo, Rife.
All of these early
pioneers were humiliated,
defamation of their
character, their labs
smashed, shut down,
humiliated, and mostly died
poor and unknown.
You know, it's just been
in the last 30 years
there's a resurgence of this.
And would you say it's because
the new technologies are now
starting to make an
appearance for real
across the board on the scene?
>>STREETER: Yes.
And part of that's the cost.
The cost has come
down dramatically
for the same level
or more of efficacy.
And a lot more accuracy, because
we have new testing procedures
that brilliant people like Rife.
And Reich never had
access to, right?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STREETER: So we
can be much more
specific with the
choice of device
for each individual client.
>>REGINA: And it's
very much tailor made.
A real medical approach
should be for the individual.
>>STREETER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And you're
not going to get that.
>>STREETER: Cookbooks
are very, very difficult
to follow sometimes.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Give us an idea of say
an alternative-- what
we would call an alternative--
device product that
has come to the fore that had
a really prohibitive price
tag on it once upon a time
that it's now affordable to us.
Give us a couple
examples of what
you're talking about there.
>>STREETER: Heart
rate variability
is about a 40-year-old
technology that
is incredibly useful
for the practitioner
even to this day based upon EKG.
Nerveexpress.com, I
have a $5,000 device
that I bought from them
a decade ago which is now
a free app on your smartphone.
[LAUGHTER]
So I'm a bad investor sometimes.
>>REGINA: You know
smartphones the fact is
amazing technologies
are emerging on it.
And this is free?
So it went from $5,000 to
a free app, and it works?
>>STREETER: It works
phenomenally well.
Just as well.
Now there's not
as many parameters
as my clinical version.
And only the first
100 tests are free.
>>REGINA: OK.
You've teased everyone.
So what is this app?
>>STREETER: Nerveexpress.com.
Go ahead and download it.
It's about $100 for the chest
strap and the Bluetooth.
And it will change your life,
because if you're an athlete,
you can see if you're
overtrained or under-trained.
If you're sick and you're
taking a new supplement,
you can see whether it's
actually working for you
or not.
The HRV will tell
you instantaneously.
And it's not invasive.
>>REGINA: OK.
That's fabulous.
Thank you for that.
Give us another example.
>>STREETER: NuVision
nuvisionusa.com
fascinating product.
These products tended
to be in the $30,000,
$40,000, $50,000 range.
EAV, ONDAMED, things
of that nature.
Now it's a $4,000 product.
>>REGINA: And it's a diagnostic.
>>STREETER: Well, we don't
like to use that word.
>>REGINA: OK.
What do you call it?
>>STREETER: Testing
and assessment.
>>REGINA: OK, assessment tool.
>>STREETER: We can have a long
discussion on diagnostics,
if you'd like, but--
>>REGINA: I would like to
have a short conversation when
you're done sharing this, yes.
>>STREETER: Testing
and assessment.
So that's a trajectory device.
It's looking at where
you're headed energetically.
Part of the problem with Western
medicine's view on testing
is taking a snapshot.
You and I are making
a film right now.
It has energy to it.
And how much more can we
learn from a motion picture
than we can from a photograph?
So NuVision is actually a motion
picture of your life from start
to finish.
And so you can see what
you're going to die from
and you can fix it now.
I know that sounds morbid, but--
>>REGINA: Sounds like
you're playing god, there.
Right, god?
>>STREETER: No.
It's just information.
>>REGINA: It's just information.
>>STREETER: It's
the Information Age.
>>REGINA: Well, and
the truth of the matter
is no matter what quarter you
look to, you can go to the ETs
and ask them, or you can go to
interdimensional spirit guides
and ask them.
And they will tell you
that the human species
is about to have a bump
up in the span of life
once we are able to smooth
through this period of time.
We're up against
a lot right now.
Like you say, we're being
poisoned on every single level
and dimension of our being.
But once the poisoning
stops, apparently humanity
is set to start living at
least another 30 or 40 years
than what we are doing now,
projected into the 120s
and 130s.
>>STREETER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So what
you're talking about
is the emergence
of the technologies
that simply allow
us to live into that
and until our
expiration date comes.
Right?
>>STREETER: Um-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I don't know if it's
worth going into diagnostics
a little bit,
because I don't want
to chew up too much of our time,
but to help people understand
what happens when they go
to the doctor's office.
And they're doing a
standard blood panel.
And they come back and say you
need one of these five drugs
that are recommended by
our company, our HMO.
>>STREETER: Imagine if
you live in a small town
and you're hundreds of
miles from anywhere.
And there's three
restaurants in town.
You'd get pretty bored with
those restaurants after awhile.
And then you come
to the big city,
and you have a whole
array of choices.
Western medicine has
limited themselves
to the three restaurants
in the Western town
to cholesterol and blood
sugar and other parameters
that, although important,
they're not measuring voltage.
So, therefore, they're
already obsolete in the view.
What we're doing with NuVision
is we're measuring the voltage.
And this is a voltage future
for driving, for medicine,
for everything.
And the sooner we get onboard
to that, the faster we can heal.
Because the number one risk,
health risk, in the world right
now is iatrogenic
causes in America.
>>REGINA: Explain that.
>>STREETER: Iatrogenic,
doctor caused.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I think it's number three
leading cause of death, right?
>>STREETER: Well I think
it just went to number one,
depending on what
study you read.
But it's cancer, heart
disease, obviously
those are the big three.
>>REGINA: Right.
That means our doctors
are killing us.
>>STREETER: But, even when it
comes to more subtle issues,
like psychological issues or
depression or what have you,
that's a voltage problem.
And it cannot be addressed
through chemistry
appropriately.
Those products actually
rewire the brain
into a non-human state.
These are a big problem.
And all of these things
that we're discussing
can help people
ease off of that,
kind of like being thrown off
a building with a parachute
rather than without one.
When it's time to titrate
off of these products,
it's very important to do so in
a controlled, sensitive manner
using voltage and using products
like CBD which is going to be
legal in 50 states very soon.
And it's very safe for
infants and elderly.
>>REGINA: And we
need to understand
CBD doesn't make you high.
>>STREETER: No.
Exactly.
You get all the benefits
of marijuana without--
because it's not
marijuana, it's hemp.
>>REGINA: Right, OK.
>>STREETER: But watch out for
garbage products from China.
It's critical that you get
organic products when you're
talking about all of these.
>>REGINA: OK.
What is it that took
you down the rabbit
hole of energy medicine
to where you really
discovered the voltage?
Sounds like you were
really quite a researcher
and explorer, even when
you were a teenager.
Did you run into the subject
of voltage back then?
>>STREETER: I was a huge fan
of a lot of those pioneers
back then.
Reading everything I could find.
>>REGINA: OK.
No more needs to be said.
So you understood
the voltage story.
>>STREETER: I did and
I internalized it,
because I was, as I
said, I had a rough go.
And to be able to feel that
sensation of not being sick
and to be vibrant
and to be strong,
and I wanted to hold onto that
and to share that with people.
Because what else
are we here for?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Truly.
And so for you, you
finally you started
launching into helping to
evaluate and ultimately help
co-create various
products that you felt
would be the best fit for
people on an individual basis,
that you could create
individualized protocols with.
But your passion has been
clientele and working
with your patients.
And this has been kind of the
cornerstone of your career
it sounds like?
>>STREETER: Yeah.
I've had some very fascinating
people, including world class
athletes and older
folks who were
looking for another lease
on life, infants, animals.
We work with a lot of horses
and dogs and cats, as well.
That's very rewarding.
Because the energy
medicine, there's
no placebo effect
with the animals.
>>REGINA: And for the
most part, these-- we're
going to be talking about
some of these things that
are available to
us, these products
and services available to us.
Do you find that they tend
to work pretty equally
among the animal kingdom,
humans to dogs and cats?
The same energy devices?
>>STREETER: Animals are
more sensitive and much more
responsive.
>>REGINA: OK.
Fair enough.
>>STREETER: The horse is
either limping or she's not.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
They don't have any
built-in biases against it.
OK.
So one of the
things I've noticed,
because I've interviewed
a lot of people
that are interested in energy
healing-- not interested, that
are vested, deeply
vested in energy healing.
And one of them was
Dr. Jerry Tenant.
And I know that you have very
similar beliefs in terms of--
or findings, in terms of the
notion that energy in the body,
the energy production of
the body, the voltage,
is the key to our
health in every organ,
and I guess almost all
chronic diseases, right?
>>STREETER: Well
chronic and acute.
>>REGINA: Chronic
and acute issues.
And, also, I've
interviewed a lot of people
in some of the
exotic technology.
Some the ones you like and
prefer, very similar to,
but what comes up
over and over is
a lot of these products say, or
claim, that this is something
that NASA has been
exploring or NASA's
been trying to
get the patent on.
And why does NASA always come
up in these conversations?
>>STREETER: Well,
I've had conversations
with a number of
these NASA people.
And they have spent millions of
dollars testing PEMF therapy,
SCENAR therapy, laser therapy.
>>REGINA: BEMER Therapy.
>>STREETER: Right,
well, BEMER's PEMF.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's just a different level.
>>STREETER: Because
they realized
that you can't bring
pharmaceuticals
into space in any practical
way, shape, or form, right?
You'd have to bring a trailer
behind the space shuttle
to carry all of the
different potions
for every different
potential malady.
>>REGINA: So they're
highly motivated,
because they have to keep
these people in extremely
good health.
>>STREETER: Yeah.
They're world
class athletes when
comes to their fitness and
their health and everything,
and their mental capacity.
>>REGINA: So would you
say they've been then
at the very leading
edge of prompting
the development of this?
Or are there other forces that
have been behind the scenes?
>>STREETER: There's
plenty of backyard garage
people from Europe,
and what have
you, who have done some
pretty stellar work as well.
NASA things tend to get
lost in a bureaucracy.
And where's the NASA ad
for their PEMF device
if they're really serious
about spending our tax money
and not sharing their
findings with us.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
what I was going to get to.
Seems to be for a very select
group of a few men and women.
No one else benefits from
all of the money they
put our tax dollars
into in terms
of the research and
development of these products.
>>STREETER: Because we
live in a tapeworm economy.
And that's not a model that
works with a tapeworm economy.
As Catherine Austin Fitts
speaks so eloquently about it.
>>REGINA: She was just here.
>>STREETER: Oh, she was?
Sorry, I missed her.
But you know that
the tapeworm economy
relies on Big Pharma as another
part of that snake that's
eating itself.
And that just doesn't
work in the model.
But I really feel like we've
had a break energetically
just in what's happened.
I don't believe that there's
a political solution to this.
But what it's done
is it's changed--
>>REGINA: We're talking
about the election.
>>STREETER: Yeah.
The energy has shifted
to the point where
it's time for those of us
with solutions to come out
and say we're not going
to be stifled anymore.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Big time.
>>STREETER: Because the
truth needs to be told.
And we have been lied to at
every level about everything.
But, particularly, to my
heart, the medical piece.
Because when I
see four-year-olds
dying from infections
that we can clear up
in a day with safe products.
Or when I see 15-year-olds
on psych meds who
have lost their humanity,
that makes me mad.
Because I got a chance
to be functional.
And I want that for everybody.
>>REGINA: So that's why
you're here, because you're
dedicated to this.
And so I think maybe
at this point we
can start kind of moving into--
let's talk about some of
the simpler elements of what
increases the
voltage in the body.
And we'll get increasingly
more what at this moment
is considered exotic,
but as you would
say this is not exotic at all.
It's right here,
anybody can use it.
So let's talk about
just movement alone,
because we are a pretty
sedentary society at large.
What does movement do to the
voltage production of the body?
And also what kind
of movement creates
the most useful voltage?
>>STREETER: Oh, those
are great questions.
Voltage is created in
the body through movement
through what's called the
Piezoelectric Effect, which is
pressure creating electricity.
This is why we derive so
much pleasure from a massage
or from acupuncture
or so much value.
This is why the foam
roller or the exercise ball
works so well is because
the pressure creates
a voltage change.
And it actually puts us into
the negative voltage which
is counter-intuitively healing.
As far as movement, I'm
glad you asked that,
because I've tested thousands
of athletes and non-athletes
for 30 years.
And I can tell you that it is
very important for us to move.
But it's also very
important for us
to think about how we're moving.
>>REGINA: That was
the next question.
>>STREETER: Are we working
out or are we working in?
I actually have
world class athletes
whose adrenals
and their thyroids
are total trashed from
overtraining, particularly
cardiovascular activity.
Once you get to a
certain level of function
in terms of your VO2
max, it's very difficult
to keep bumping that
needle up any higher.
You're basically training
the nervous system
to deal with the burn
of free radicals.
And I was an ultramarathoner.
I did the 100th Boston Marathon.
I know what it's like to be
an ultra-endurance athlete.
I was on the team that
broke the world speed
record on the Appalachian
Trail in 1991.
>>REGINA: You know how
it is to use your body
to get the best out of it.
>>STREETER: I love
endurance activities.
But the best way to do
that is a combination
of working out and working in.
So walks in nature
where you're not
trying to get to the
top of something,
but you just strolling,
or yoga or Pilates
versus the hard, hard
workout all of the time.
>>REGINA: That's
what I was wondering,
because that's always what has
seemed intuitively correct.
>>STREETER: And the
data bears this out.
It's overwhelming with the HRV.
You can actually watch
people's HRV improve
dramatically when they begin--
>>REGINA: Heart
variability rate.
>>STREETER: --to work in.
Right.
They work in, they
begin to breathe.
They're not just expending
energy all the time.
>>REGINA: OK.
And as you said yoga.
Something was just
kind of popping
through my field of vision.
And what about the
notion then of not
just the movement and the
stretching of the meridians
and so forth, but the
squeezing of the organs
that happens when you're
in these various postures
where you're
closing on yourself?
Because we always
think of yoga as
expansive, but are
we doing something
interesting to our
organs in this way?
>>STREETER: Oh, absolutely.
I know that you know
the spiritual background
and value of yoga.
But just purely
physiologically, absolutely.
I think the other
important thing
that you don't get from most
weight training or resistance
training programs
is that yoga teaches
us to focus from the top of the
head to the bottom of the feet
and to integrate
all of that fascia
and all of those meridians
and systems as a whole.
And how do they interact as one?
Rather than sitting on a
machine and pushing where you're
disabling certain muscles
and enabling others
that may not be appropriate,
because we don't
play hockey sitting on a stool.
So why would we train that way?
>>REGINA: Well, this
is me to a good point.
I hate gyms, OK?
And I join them.
And then I let it go dormant
and I go a few times.
But the reality is going and
doing resistance training
well, OK, it's not fun.
And I know life can't
be fun every minute.
But for me, I like real
movement, I like dancing.
Tango.
I tango.
I've tangoed for years.
But tango and yoga and
walking, and I feel best then.
What is it in our
beings, and I know
it may be more gender
oriented, that is
resisting resistance training?
Is there something
inherently maybe damaging
in it on some level?
Are we're just doing it poorly?
When does it come
into play as useful?
>>STREETER: Well, if you
look at all of the data
from every angle, the
most bang for the buck
does come from an appropriate
resistance training.
>>REGINA: That's what I hear.
That's why I keep joining--
>>STREETER: Even more
than yoga and even more
than a number of others.
>>REGINA: I've
read those studies,
that's why I join the gym, but.
>>STREETER: But, I do have a
number of people who have been
to a company that I won't name
that's kind of a new franchise
where they make people squat
like Arnold Schwarzenegger--
>>REGINA: Oh, is this Cross Fit?
>>STREETER: Ooh.
>>REGINA: I'm sorry.
That's what I hear.
That's what I keep
hearing people.
>>STREETER: I have people
crawling into my office.
They can't talk
after the third day
because they were forced
into some fascistic regime
of the 20-year-old wanting
the 80-year-old to perform
at their level.
And that's just not appropriate.
>>REGINA: No.
No.
OK.
I'm sorry, I said it.
You're off the hook.
>>STREETER: At
EnergyMedFit, we do
all of the appropriate
intake with people.
Not just HRV and
NuVision, but we
do a physical
assessment to determine
where is appropriate to
plug-in for some folks.
It's Palates for some.
It's dance for some.
It's I'm going to the
gym with them one-on-one.
And we're going to
do this properly.
accelerate appropriately.
>>REGINA: Is there
a one size fits all
in just the basic concept?
As you say, the studies show
that doing some resistance
training is good for the body.
Can you encapsulate--
I mean you know
Dr. Mercola has some
little workouts on his site
and different people do.
Is there something you can point
us to so people can go online
and say, oh, I could
probably do that.
That would be OK.
You know?
>>STREETER: I hate to
blow other people's horns,
but this guy is so brilliant.
Go to YouTube and
type in Ido Portal.
>>REGINA: How do you spell it?
>>STREETER: I-D-O P-O-R-T-A-L.
I've been training, as I said,
since 14 years old
on my paper route.
I've been weight
training since that time.
And this stuff blows me away.
It is so fascinating.
And it doesn't use any weight.
You can do it on the road.
You can do it in your
backyard or the living room.
>>REGINA: What's he look like?
>>STREETER: He's an Israeli
gymnast who's of medium size,
rugged thick, guy.
I've never seen anyone
move like this before.
>>REGINA: It takes the
place of going to the gym?
>>STREETER: It's the hardest
thing I've ever done.
And it takes the
place of the gym.
I can't even do
his medium program.
>>REGINA: Well, how's it going
to serve someone like me?
>>STREETER: Oh, because
there's a basic program.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
>>STREETER: On some
of the movements,
I can't do the medium it's
very, very challenging.
>>REGINA: But he
does have a beginner
level that is useful to all
of us that we can do at home?
>>STREETER: And it's really fun.
And it's brilliant.
And it's new and exciting.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's exciting.
OK.
Good.
Ido Portal.
So we've got to have
another tool for people.
>>STREETER: He's my
new movement favorite.
>>REGINA: OK Good.
So all right.
Well that kind of covers the
whole movement element of it.
You gave us something
to take away.
We know that walking and yoga
and a good walk in nature
are beneficial to us as well.
Now I'd like to go to
the next element, which
is which foods or food groups
help create the greatest
voltage.
And I know we're
highly individualized,
but, in general?
>>STREETER: OK.
Well, you have to go to the
bottom of the food chain.
So all of your quality algae
products, like bioage.com.
Absolutely phenomenal.
Each pill contains
about the equivalent
of 10 pounds of spinach in
terms of nutrient density.
So one of the big things, I know
you know this, about anti-aging
is food reduction.
So if we can cut our
food intake by just 20%,
and add foods that have higher
voltage, like this product--
>>REGINA: Like algae.
>>STREETER: --then the
hunger doesn't even
occur because we're satiated
by all of those minerals
and all of those enzymes.
Because that's what obesity is.
It's the body's cry for certain
nutrients that are not present.
When we satisfy that cry, then
there's no need to store fat.
>>REGINA: So micronutrients--
>>STREETER: That's not the
only reason for obesity.
Heavy metals is another big
one, as well, but we can talk--
>>REGINA: We're going
to get into that.
Yeah.
>>STREETER: OK.
As far as raising voltage,
so fresh fruit and vegetable
juices in a rotating pattern
where some are astringent,
like beets and what
have you, and then some
are nourishing like
carrots and very sugary.
But we don't want to get
into having the same juice
all the time.
>>REGINA: What about
mixing them altogether?
Better to stay
astringent and then
sweet and alternate
than mix them?
>>STREETER: Well,
Dr. Norman Walker
wrote the definitive
book on juicing.
And you can still
pick that up online.
I think he lived to be 108.
>>REGINA: Dr. Norman Walker.
All right.
>>STREETER: And you can
just look for recipes.
Certain things
it's very important
that they don't be mixed
because especially folks with GI
disturbances.
>>REGINA: OK.
So Dr. Walker
explains all of this?
>>STREETER: And if you
don't want to buy a juicer--
I know it's a pain.
I have three of them.
And sometimes I'm in a hurry.
There's at the store, now,
especially here in Colorado,
you can get organic,
non-pasteurized fresh fruit
and vegetable juices from a
lot of these manufacturers.
And I would really urge everyone
to just have one of these a day
and watch your life change.
>>REGINA: Really.
>>STREETER: Yes.
Just because it's
got voltage in it.
>>REGINA: But the
thing is I thought
the voltage started
reducing the further away
from the actual pressing it is.
>>STREETER: Absolutely.
But wouldn't you rather
have that particular product
than a big bowl of GMO pasta?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STREETER: We have
to pick our poison.
>>REGINA: Are they
flash pasteurized?
>>STREETER: No.
They're not.
That's the thing.
>>REGINA: Again, if you can
tell us which of those products
are out there at the
store that are not
flash pasteurized, because I
know one of the big labels is.
>>STREETER: I'm so visual.
I can see the label,
but I can't tell you--
>>REGINA: What's
the label look like?
Maybe I'll know.
>>STREETER: Just go to
Lucky's, or Whole Foods,
or wherever, Vitamin Cottage.
They'll have
something like this.
>>REGINA: That's non
flash pasteurized.
That's what you want.
>>STREETER: That's
the important thing.
>>REGINA: And you want to
drink it as soon as possible.
You don't want to
keep these around
in the refrigerator
for a few days.
>>STREETER: They don't last.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
But better, yet, get a juicer.
I find that those do
not work for my body,
because there's something
in my digestive system
it doesn't like a juice
that's been sitting around
for a while.
Where right out of the
juicer, no problem.
And so that's the
liveness of the enzymes.
>>STREETER: It's the monatomics
that actually come out
of the juice from
the vegetables.
>>REGINA: Explain this to us.
OK.
>>STREETER: When you have
two molecules of a metal,
it's a metal.
But when you break it
down to one molecule,
it becomes a ceramic.
And it becomes a monatomic,
which is incredibly conductive.
So we just turned our
body from copper wiring
into a fiber optic system.
And just like in the video,
things that are sluggish,
that's sickness.
Things that are moving
quickly is health.
It's amazing what that can do.
>>REGINA: And within
how many minutes
do we have to drink it before
that effect starts dying off?
Right after you've pressed
the juice or squeezed it.
>>STREETER: Well, yeah,
the sooner the better.
>>REGINA: You want to
drink it right away.
>>STREETER: Right.
But there is a magic
of the gods there,
if you look go back to
the Ark of the Covenant
and all of the
passion about gold.
>>REGINA: Monatomic gold.
>>STREETER: It's so fascinating.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It is.
OK.
That's interesting.
That's the first time
I've actually heard that.
That that ceramic exists within
live juices at the moment you
juice them.
>>STREETER: And algae.
>>REGINA: And algae.
OK.
What about the notion
of taking your juice
and then freezing
it right away versus
letting it sit in the
refrigerator for three days.
>>STREETER: Well,
again, we're talking
about the lesser of evils.
It's not a good idea because
you might as well get it
from the store if
you're going to do that.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good.
Just because some people do do
that, I wanted to put it out.
>>STREETER: And speaking of
food that's nutrient condensers,
let's talk about quality meats.
Because they do have a very
high level of nutrients
to give to the body.
And certainly we could
talk for five hours
about veganism versus meat.
But for these
practical purposes,
let's just say let's focus on
bison and turkey and quality
eggs and to really try to
eliminate anything that's
not organic, because there's
so much evil condensed
into those nonorganic meats.
That's really important.
>>REGINA: And pasteurized,
as well, right?
>>STREETER: Right.
And hopefully
humanely slaughtered.
>>REGINA: So if one is
eating animal proteins,
is it fair to say that a
basic conscious, classic vegan
diet with a spectrum
of the fresh foods one
needs combined with a modest
or moderate amount of that
works well for people that
do better on a more paleo
diet for example?
>>STREETER: Um-hmm I've seen
vegans turn their life around
in one day with a paleo
diet, especially athletes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's such a big topic.
It's so emotionally charged.
Because we're talking about
spirituality and the ethics
of eating other species.
And we really that's not what
we're here to talk about.
So everyone has to
do that journey.
>>STREETER: I eat meat,
but I aspire not to.
Let me put it that way.
Because I love the
critters, all of them.
And I don't want to see
them treated that way.
And I don't want to take on
that negative energy either.
But I know that when I'm a
vegan, I'm hungry every half
an hour.
So if someone can
help me with that--
there's no satiety.
>>REGINA: Where do fats and the
omegas and such feed into this?
>>STREETER: I'm glad you asked,
because actually the whole food
pyramid has been turned
upside down by those of us
in the energy
medicine community.
Fats are the absolute
most important nutrient
that we can possibly eat.
The reason being is that
we are fat/water being.
Kind of like an exercise physio
ball represents the cell,
represents fat.
What we can transport
in and out of that cell
as fast as possible,
that's health.
When things become difficult
and production and distribution
slow to a crawl, then
bad things happen.
So if we look at the hierarchy
of fats, the best that
in the world, we're
back to the algae again.
Right?
Because it's the bottom
of the food chain.
The second best fat,
scientifically I believe,
is coconut oil.
I think it's critical that
everybody take coconut oil.
Olive oil, good
quality olive oil.
>>REGINA: That has nines,
a lot of omega nines in it.
>>STREETER: Right.
But then most other fats--
oh, well, let me say this.
Avocado, food fats like that,
nuts and seeds are fine.
But just a caveat about
nuts and nut butters
is that they tend to be
rancid very, very quickly.
So not a good staple.
I can't tell you how many vegan
girls that I have for patients
who all they want to do is
snack on nuts and peanut butter
and almond all day.
Not good.
Because of the rancidity.
Bison fat, phenomenal
saturated fat.
And just from a 3D standpoint--
I don't want to have the
spiritual discussion about it
now-- but bacon is
not that bad for you
just from a fat standpoint.
Some pork products, eggs.
>>REGINA: What about cod liver
oil, you know, the fish oils?
>>STREETER: They're all rancid.
>>REGINA: Rancid?
Yeah.
Well I know Udo pretty well.
Udo Erasmus.
And he's been talking
about this rancidity issue
for a long time.
And he tends to skew a
little more toward hemp
and other vegetarian sources
for the omega 3, 6, and 9s.
Would you tend to agree with
that if they're kept properly?
>>STREETER: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
In terms of rancidity?
>>STREETER: The only problem
with some of those products
is that they're all
polyunsaturated PUFAs right?
Polyunsaturated fatty acids.
They're leading us down
the estrogen pathway,
unfortunately.
>>REGINA: So you have to add
your coconut oil back in.
Get your saturated fats, ghee
and so forth back in with it.
>>STREETER: Don't
be afraid of butter.
>>REGINA: Don't be afraid?
I love butter.
>>STREETER: But only
cook with coconut.
Everything else is
not safe to cook with.
>>REGINA: OK.
OK, good.
Can we show this
little video right now?
Because we're going
to get into the energy
medicine devices in a
moment and NuVision.
And what people are seeing
in this little video,
explain to them
what they're seeing.
And what it is by way--
well, you explain what
it is that's changing
the pace at which the
blood or the fluids
are running through the vessels.
>>STREETER: Well,
that's being caused
by a pulsed electromagnetic
field, PEMF therapy,
that any time you put
electricity through a wire,
you have a field that
comes out from that wire.
How far that field
extends from the wire
depends on a number of factors.
But the effects on the body
are almost all positive.
It's unbelievable.
There really are no
bad PEMF devices.
>>REGINA: Basically, it's
taking what a lot of us
are, well, constituted of
which is really stagnant blood.
Stagnant, stagnant movement
of the vital fluids
through our body.
First of all, what happens when
these fluids become stagnant
and they're not moving?
>>STREETER: Well,
when you have toxins
that are not being
eliminated, imagine the trucks
on strike in a large city.
That's a problem.
That's really the first
problem for everyone
from a health standpoint.
>>REGINA: Toxicity?
>>STREETER: Yes.
We need to focus on detox.
I prefer to do it
on a daily basis
where I'm taking
certain products
and using PEMF daily to detox.
Because it is astounding
for that as well.
And rather than doing
the one big detox, kind
of like losing
weight for a wedding,
why wouldn't you want to
just be fit all the time?
Not that I'm against
the individual cleanses.
>>REGINA: So it's
detoxifying the body.
That's not happening when
you've got stagnant fluids.
>>STREETER: Right.
And then you can't bring
new nutrients in as well.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STREETER: So lactic
acid builds up.
And the arthritis process
begins, calcification.
And that's really what we're
witnessing with this slow down
is the body is a big
calcium factory, OK?
If it's not moved, it
will just be a statue.
That's what happens when
people are in a body
cast for months at a time.
So what the PEMF
does is it creates
a vasodilation in all
of those distal tissues
like the fingers, and the ends
of the lung, and the alveoli.
>>REGINA: Even the tissues
surrounding the organs.
>>STREETER: Absolutely.
And so when we open
up that blood flow,
it's the difference
between a mud
pond and a beautiful
crystal clear spring river.
Which one do you want
to be inside, right?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
We're going to-- and
we could go tangential,
but let's take a look
at this little video
to show what happened
when this body was
exposed to a PEMF device.
OK?
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[END PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: So, I love that
video, because it just
shows you how effective
these devices are.
And there are a
whole range of them,
but they all do good, right?
>>STREETER: Oh,
they're all valuable.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Now, let's go into--
because I feel the pressure.
We have so much good
stuff to talk about
and I'm feeling the
pressure of time.
Let's go into the
assessment tool
called NuVision
kind of just what it
does, because you work pretty
regularly with your clients
with this.
>>STREETER: Well, for
the past 30 years,
I've played with a lot of
the best testing assessment
tools from the alternative
side, like EAV,
electroacupuncture
according to Vol,
ONDAMED, a lot of the ones using
electro interstitials scan.
These are all fantastic.
They've show consistent results.
But what used to
take me four hours
takes five minutes
now with NuVision.
And it is available
for the public to have.
And we can do it over the
telephone with 95% accuracy.
So basically what
happened is one
of the top AI people
in the world decided
to use his abilities
to create this product.
And it's the brainchild of
some really amazing people.
And it's basically a mirror.
>>REGINA: A mirror
for your entire being.
>>STREETER: Right.
130,000 items basically showing
your hologram with crystal
clear accuracy from
psychology and emotions
to nutrition, supplement needs,
homeopathy, organ function,
pathogens, and
toxins, heavy metals.
It's really mind blowing and
almost difficult to digest
the first session.
But as we go along,
people take little bites
and make little changes.
And it's amazing
what can happen.
>>REGINA: The point is, I
think, on a larger scale,
many people watching this
show don't have a lot of--
are afraid of AI, basically.
We fear it, because we can
see the ways in which it
can be used against humanity.
And I think this is a good
point to make that there
are those people with that
degree of intelligence
that really are working to help
us continue our organic life
on this planet.
>>STREETER: Well put.
That's very important.
And again, just to
look at it as a tool.
Fire can burn down your home
but also keep you warm at night.
Although there are
some tools that
are unacceptable in my world,
like the whole transhuman
movement.
>>REGINA: Don't even go there.
We don't need to go there.
>>STREETER: No.
I just want to make that point--
>>REGINA: I get it.
>>STREETER: --that I'm
not a transhuman, not
one of these freaks.
OK?
I love nature.
And I love organic
things, chopping wood.
I don't need all of that.
I don't want a chip in my
head with the internet.
I'll never take the chip.
However, anything short of
that, I'm fascinated by it.
I see the accuracy of it.
And I don't see any downside.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So here's the positive view.
So now we have tools that
can assess every aspect
of our being in five minutes.
So it's giving people
like you, people
that are in the medical field,
to actually help and enhance
human health.
A really good glimpse
into us and you
find there are certain
things you do find
that are common that are scary.
And we're just going
to name names and be
done with it, because we've all
been subjected to this stuff.
And, yet, we're still here.
We're alive.
You might be tired,
but we're alive.
Right?
And so let's just talk
about some of the things
you're finding that are showing
up in virtually everybody who's
living on Earth.
>>STREETER: Well, another
magnificent aspect of NuVision
is as a world wide
demographic study.
Can you imagine if we had
one in every household
around the world we could pick
up an Ebola scare instantly,
because it would show up
on NuVision, and we'd say,
oh, it's happening over here.
Or, boy, there's a flu
outbreak here over here.
So with that being said,
there are some patterns
that are very disturbing.
One is that pretty
much 100% of us
have aluminum and
barium poisoning.
>>REGINA: This would
be chemtrail related.
>>STREETER: Most have mercury
poisoning from the fillings,
but also from vaccinations
and from other things.
Most have Lyme or at
least an exposure.
>>REGINA: Lyme isn't
coming from ticks.
>>STREETER: No.
>>REGINA: That's an evil laugh.
Tell us what that's about.
>>STREETER: Well, I've
studied Lyme extensively, too,
and it's definitely created--
It's not an organic
disease, put it that way.
>>REGINA: More
genetically engineered.
>>STREETER: And it's
got a purpose behind it.
>>REGINA: And what's
the purpose behind it?
This is a really good audience.
They want to hear.
>>STREETER: It's a
eugenics program.
>>REGINA: They're trying
to weed people out.
>>STREETER: We have numbers
challenges right now.
And so we really have to prove
our value to the universe.
We have to be
valuable to the group.
And we can't just be,
we have to be valuable.
>>REGINA: Well,
as one interview I
did with a man
named George Green
ages who got too close in
the Carter administration.
He said he was there
in the meetings
and overheard the term for
us which is useless eaters.
So Lyme disease, genetically
created Lyme disease,
is very useful in helping weaken
our immune systems and such
to the point where a
lot of us won't be here,
or cannot procreate.
>>STREETER: Well, that's part
of the binary warfare program.
But it's not just one item that
does us in, it's a combination.
So when you combine aspartame
with fluoride and Wi-Fi.
And you have a triangulation
and a trajectory
to really bring that
person's voltage down.
But notice that they
do it the slow way
so that they'll have to
utilize their services
and they can drain their
bank account before they die.
This is all very
carefully calculated.
>>REGINA: We're batteries.
We're batteries to
the system and we're
being drained very rapidly.
>>STREETER:
Particularly after 65
when our usefulness
ceases to them.
So it's really important that
we take the bull by the horns
and we make health our
number one priority,
because nothing else matters.
Especially right now, especially
with the battle that's coming.
Let's hope it's a spiritual one.
But we have to be
strong and we have
to be healthy,
because if you're not,
you're a burden to the group.
And you know sometimes I'm
that burden when I'm injured.
But it's exciting.
We have a solution to
almost every problem.
>>REGINA: We have a
good chunk of time left.
Let's start moving into those.
We've talked about food.
We've talked about fats.
We've talked about movement.
So these are things
we can all take on.
It doesn't cost us anything.
Now let's talk about
the things that you'd
have to actually
invest in a little bit
right down to some supplements.
And one of the things that you
do that you're particularly
invested in--
and I have to say so far
it seems great to me--
is that Nanoxyde?
Can you talk about this?
>>STREETER: Yes.
The Germans during
World War II were
working on a replacement
for penicillin
because they realized the
limitations of a bacteria only
antibiotic.
They knew that silver
had amazing qualities
as an anti pathogen.
But they knew
that if they bonded to oxygen,
it would be even more powerful.
But they never really
finished the experiment.
So after the war, that scientist
came to Pueblo, Colorado.
>>REGINA: Who was that?
>>STREETER: I don't
recall his name.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STREETER: He began to work
with a local gentleman who
was a go-getter.
And they began to
perfect the product.
And it became an underground
phenomenon for a long time,
and has really begun to come
out of the shadows now because
of its value and pertinence
with a very, very high success
rate on infectious
agents that have not been
able to be dealt with before.
>>REGINA: That's interesting,
because as people are listening
to you, I know a lot of
people are thinking, oh,
but I have my colloidal silver.
And I have my nano silver.
And I'm using it at home.
Is this the same
product or is there
some difference to the normal
nano silver you would find?
>>STREETER: Well, you Can also
try to take a bicycle from here
to California if you want to.
Colloidal silvers are great.
But you get what you pay for.
And the efficacy of making
the molecule smaller
and adding the
oxygen is so greater.
Well, it's the size of the
molecule plus the oxygen.
>>REGINA: Plus the oxygen.
>>STREETER: You've interviewed
someone recently who
that this product saved his
life and his wife's life.
>>REGINA: I did.
>>STREETER: Yes.
>>REGINA: You want to tell us.
I guess you can't.
Never mind.
If he didn't tell me,
then I'm not going ask.
>>STREETER: But it was
really unbelievable.
And we just had a
patient with MRSA
who was healed in two weeks.
>>REGINA: Explain
MRSA to our audience.
>>STREETER: Well, that's
methicillin-resistant staph
infection.
And there's not antibiotics
that work on this.
It's really really heinous.
And I see it every now and then.
But two bottles of this
product and it was gone.
>>REGINA: And you also, this has
different distribution systems.
It's a liquid that you
can take a capsule of just
on a daily basis to kind of keep
everything clean in the body.
But you also use a
nebulizer with it?
>>STREETER: You can use it for
a nebulizer for lung cancer,
or for pneumonia,
bronchitis, asthma,
>>REGINA: Sinus infections?
>>STREETER: Sinus infections.
>>REGINA: And almost everybody
has that with the chemtrails
anymore.
>>STREETER: That's right.
>>REGINA: Some version of that.
>>STREETER: This is
a really good defense
against chemtrails.
Probably one of the best.
>>REGINA: That's really
useful information.
So the product--
>>STREETER: Let's remember
it's not a chelator.
OK?
It's an anti pathogen.
>>REGINA: So it's not going
to chelate the other junk out
of the body.
>>STREETER: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STREETER: And this
is in liquid form.
>>REGINA: The name of
that product again?
>>STREETER: Nanoxyde.com
>>REGINA: Nanoxyde.com
does come.
>>STREETER: N-A-N-O-X-Y-D-E.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
OK.
So let's move on from there
to now the PEMF devices.
Because now we're looking
at that video we saw,
that was in direct
response to someone
being exposed to a PEMF device.
>>STREETER: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
the whole array of them.
Because I've been
evaluating them for a while.
I've been sleeping on
a Biomat for years.
That's low tech
comparatively, but nice.
It offered some benefits to me.
I'm feeling like the world has
changed in the last 10 years.
My friends, people,
friends, and acquaintances,
myself are all feeling that
we need something a little bit
more.
We're not being protected
from the onslaught
of all of this junk.
So PEMF you believe is
that's the way to go.
>>STREETER: Well, I'm also
a comparative technologist.
So I'm really blessed to
have people dropping devices
off all the time.
And we have a lab that
we can test things in.
We can test supplements
in chemicals as well.
But we also have
an electronics lab.
And it's really fascinating to
look at all the differences.
>>REGINA: OK.
So what are your findings?
>>STREETER: There are
no bad PEMF devices,
let's put it that way.
Let's start with that.
They're all marvelous.
But there are certainly better
PEMF devices, by a long shot,
for particular issues.
>>REGINA: OK.
Explain that.
>>STREETER: So, they
basically fall into two camps.
One is the mat camp
with low power.
And then the other is
the "ringer" camp, quote
and quote unquote.
>>REGINA: What's that mean?
Ringer.
>>STREETER: Ringer means that
the waveform is sharp enough
to be like the crack of a whip.
Whereas the lower
powered mats are
more of a nourishing
induction type of thing
where they're attempting
to change the Krebs
cycle through continuous
low intensity pulses.
The challenge is that
the ambient is 0.5 Gauss.
OK?
That's the PEMF the earth.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STREETER: If we're
not above 0.5, then--
>>REGINA: You're
getting interference.
>>STREETER: --what are we doing?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STREETER: But
if you get a half
an inch away from
the applicator,
you're already at 1/2 power.
So it's really
important to understand
where that happy bell
curve falls in terms
of super fast outcomes.
And the ringer devices are
much more capable of doing that
than the low powered mats.
>>REGINA: So what are a
couple of the well known mats
versus ringers so we get
an idea, because people
are going to want to
start surfing and looking.
>>STREETER: BEMER and
MRS would be the two best
sellers in the mat category.
>>REGINA: And those
have good reputations.
>>STREETER: They
are great products.
All we're saying is that
there's one made here in Boulder
that is a ringer that is much
more powerful than those.
But it can also be turned down
to work in those capacities.
But can also be turned up to
regrow cartilage in a knee,
to deal with a torn
rotator cuff, perhaps.
Those mat-type devices have
good pain relief for those,
but in terms of
tissue regeneration,
they don't have the
penetration because they're not
powerful enough.
>>REGINA: But what about
detoxing an immune system?
How does interface with that?
>>STREETER: Well,
they're fantastic for all
of those systemic
long-term, what
we would call transient issues.
>>REGINA: Well, that makes
sense because we just
saw the capillary action, for
example, in that little film
of what-- that was a BEMER mat--
what that is promoting which
boom, was like a super highway.
>>STREETER: The thing
with the ringer devices
is that we have that extra
horsepower if we need it
for orthopedic issues.
>>REGINA: So it does
the whole range?
>>STREETER: But we
can also turn it down
and we can take
care of the sleep
and the systemic disorders
that the lower powered
devices will deal with.
>>REGINA: What's it called?
>>STREETER: It's called
pulsedharmonix.com.
>>REGINA: OK.
Pulsed Harmonix.
>>STREETER: With an x.
>>REGINA: And that's a smaller
device, not the full body size
mat like a Biomat or a BEMER.
>>STREETER: Right.
It's a two by three foot mat.
And what we found,
though, is that to attempt
to make a mat that's
eight feet long to treat
the entire body, you get such
a dissipation of the current,
that we're really
weakening it to the point
where we're not going to get
the results with certain issues.
>>REGINA: So where
would a person
place it on their body for
overall health maintenance
if they want?
Can they use it every day?
>>STREETER: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
So where would they place it?
>>STREETER: They could do
it here for the thyroid
or on the adrenals, and on
the head for detox, liver,
>>REGINA: Oh, and
now interesting.
A lot of people
have liver issues
these days because
of all these toxins.
But, it's almost an epidemic
what's happened to the thyroid,
right?
>>STREETER: Oh, yeah.
The thyroid is so critical.
It's critical that everyone
be on an iodine supplement
every day as well.
>>REGINA: Is
Lugol's good enough?
Is that pretty good?
>>STREETER: Lugol's,
I still use it 1844.
It's good enough for me.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
And it's not expensive.
I might buy it on
Amazon, Lugol's iodine.
>>STREETER: No.
It's fantastic.
And it can be used topically
for cuts and things like that.
Although, it's expensive
for that purpose.
>>REGINA: But it is helping to
nourish the thyroid that's been
trashed by all of the--
>>STREETER: Well let's
remember what the thyroid does
is that it takes iodine
and it distributes it
to the skin as a kind of
a chainmail or a wetsuit,
if you will, to keep
the bad guys out.
This is how people can
work in the dirt all day
and not get sick, because
the iodine is in their hands.
And it's killing the bugs.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>STREETER: But the more that we
have an onslaught in the skin,
the more that the thyroid has
to dial up iodine for the skin.
And then there's not much left
for the thyroid to regulate--
>>REGINA: So, that's
the supplement.
>>STREETER: --the
endocrine system.
Right.
It's absolutely critical.
>>REGINA: Lugol's L-U-G-O-L-S.
I buy just on Amazon.
OK.
Now, we have about five
minutes left to talk about some
of the other
nutrients that help.
We need to look
at something that
chelates all of
these heavy metals
and awful toxins, aluminum,
et cetera, out of the body.
>>STREETER: That's
a good question.
I always like to give a
rainbow of intensities, right?
So the bottom of
that rainbow might
look like cilantro or an
algae product like the BioAge
that we talked about.
And then as we
move up that scale,
we have sulfur, bentonite clay.
>>REGINA: Is that like MSM?
>>STREETER: Yes, but we want to
be careful that a lot of those
have a lot of fillers.
>>REGINA: You want to get
a really pure MSM product.
>>STREETER: And the
purest I've found
is SuperSulfur which
we have on Vitalife.
>>REGINA: Super sulfur?
OK.
>>STREETER: And then
moving up that scale,
we get to glutathione,
which sulfur is actually
a precursor to.
And then there are
folks who offer
really brilliant glutathiones
that are sublingual.
And then there is EDTA.
>>REGINA: What's that?
No one's heard of that.
>>STREETER: EDTA is decades old,
developed in Europe, brought
over by Dr. Garry Gordon.
>>REGINA: OK.
What is it?
>>STREETER: It's a chelator.
It binds to heavy metals.
But it's also a vasodilator.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>STREETER: So it's kept
literally thousands of people
from having to have open heart
surgery, tens of thousands.
>>REGINA: Wow.
Say it again?
>>STREETER: EDTA.
>>REGINA: And you
can find that online?
>>STREETER: That's available
on Vitalife as well.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you invested yourself and
put some of your own resources
behind some of these products.
>>STREETER: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
they're the ones
you found most
effective, I take it.
>>STREETER: Yeah.
And I know that everyone is
so tired of the product game,
but they have to understand--
>>REGINA: We don't
like being sold to.
We're sick of it.
>>STREETER: But if you
have an object, which
is your human body, it needs
to have the oil changed.
It needs the air filter cleaned.
We need to understand that a
certain amount of our money
needs to go towards these.
And I can help people sort
through, with a budget,
help them juggle what
should I prioritize,
because we can't
be on everything.
And the NuVision really
does a brilliant job
of helping to prioritize that.
We don't want necessarily the
latest product dujour just
because it's cool.
We want it because
we need it now.
>>REGINA: I'm going
to kind of go off
on a tangent for
just a moment here,
because it just popped up.
OK?
So NuVision scans
tells you everything.
It tells you what
you could die of,
but it's going to tell
you the solutions,
and what your trajectory is.
But, also, then the way back.
So we can rebalance
our health back out.
What about you were talking
about the mind-body connection
as well.
Some people don't do
well with having images
put in their head of what
they're going to die of,
even if you're telling them they
have the solution right here
in front of them.
Is it possible that when you're
working with certain people,
you assess their
personality type
and say they don't need to have
that picture in their head.
I'm just going to
tell them you're
going to benefit from this.
And this could avoid
this general area.
Do you do that with people?
>>STREETER: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK Good.
That's good.
Because some people
really don't want
know what's under the skin.
>>STREETER: Most people
don't to see the screen
because it's overwhelming.
>>REGINA: And we all
have less junk in this.
You have four-year-old
cancer patients.
We all have it in us.
I think we need to understand
our spirit must be pretty darn
strong to be able to have to
somehow continue animating us
through this onslaught of
really death-oriented toxins.
>>STREETER: Well, let's remember
what the entire goal of life,
no matter what
that life is, it's
to survive and to procreate.
We are doing the same thing.
Those of us who are going
to move humanity forward,
we're modifying.
Our DNA is changing.
And we're becoming
more resilient even
in the onslaught
of these chemicals.
And you know why?
Because we have the
will and because we
have the spirit behind us.
And we're going to make
it, but if you don't have
that attitude, you may not.
>>REGINA: This is
really important.
>>STREETER: So,
that is important.
When we say we
put our foot down.
And we say, I love it here.
And I love the
people in my life.
And I love my experiences.
And I'd like them to continue
for a little bit longer,
I'm going to do what it
takes to make that happen.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And just the sheer
fact that you have
that spirit that that's alive
itself will animate the body.
>>STREETER: Absolutely.
And the answers will
be provided for us.
>>REGINA: And the
answers will be provided.
>>STREETER: Sounds
corny, but it's true.
>>REGINA: We see
miracles every day.
They're not miracles.
That's what the
spirit is capable of.
>>STREETER: But
there's something
deeper that I'd like
to get to for a second.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we have about a second.
>>STREETER: Us in our
spirit as individuals
and as a collective, we
are becoming modified,
we're becoming malleable.
And where we're still
strong and resilient,
but we're learning how to
bend around this monster
and how to beat
it by withdrawing.
>>REGINA: I'm
really big, unplug.
>>STREETER: Don't engage it.
Don't engage it.
When you have free
time, get out in nature.
Go do some yoga.
Meditate.
Go sit by a river.
Play with animals.
Get some sun.
That's where the
charge, the recharge,
comes from so that we can
continue to withdraw from them
and not have it be
a head on battle,
because that's a
difficult one with them.
That's the one they know.
But when we withdraw, and we
win with heart and intelligence
and spirit and technology,
then that's pretty cool.
>>REGINA: Well, and it ups our
voltage on top of all of that.
You're absolutely right.
I could not have said it better.
And so on that, our time is up.
And I'll guide people
over to your website,
so they can start exploring
this if they want to
on a journey with you.
But I really
appreciate the number
of years and the
level of commitment
you've had to helping
all the rest of us
find ways that we don't
have to be afraid of what's
happened to us.
We can find our way out of it as
long as we keep our spirits up,
right?
>>STREETER: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: Thank
you for being here.
To go deeper into the
understanding of these energy
medicines, you can go to Glenn's
site at vitalifeservice.com.
He's located here in
Boulder, Colorado.
Meanwhile, you might also enjoy
my interviews with Dr. Jerry
Tennant and Jack Crews as well.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]